# Come Closer

When times are troubled, come to us, Beloved!<br />
When times are calm, come to us, my Friend!<br />
Come despite our human nature!

-

My Lord, protect the weak and the children!

Beloved, You created agitated times!<br />
Beloved, so many of us lost Your breath!<br />
Beloved, show us the Qutb!<br />
For You shine through him!

A man came to me claiming to be rich<br />
He was rich of himself!<br />
Beloved! Wipe the ego out of the house!<br />
For there can be only one master in it!

Novelty is often the shadow of Shaitan!<br />
For the murid, there's no novelty!<br />
There is only here and now!<br />
Muhammad and his Sunna is here now!

For the Shia, the 14 Immaculates are here and now!<br />
For the Christians, Jesus is here and now!<br />
For the Muslims, Muhammad is here and now!

Spirituality is now and here<br />
We are united with the master<br />
Turn in and on in cosmic dance!<br />
Beloved, Your smile animates the world!

Don't see religion as a mummy!<br />
Religion is as alive as our heart!<br />
Don't see religion as the past!<br />
You would forget who you are!

Don't loose the key to your heart!<br />
It leads to the dust of His feet!<br />
Don't close your heart for the modern dreams!<br />
The Beloved lives there!

If we were concerned about what matters,<br />
We would not fight each other!<br />
Beloved, help the pure heart<br />
That are crying in silence!

My Friend, You are there and I am lost!<br />
May I just be the river bed of Your river!<br />
May I just be the oud You play on!

Beloved! Allow me to love!<br />
Allow me to drink Your wine!<br />
Allow to kiss your veils!<br />
Beloved! Come closer!

Who am I to speak to You?<br />
Who am I that You touched me?<br />
Who am I to be such nothing?<br />
Except the eye that searches for You<br />
Through the veils!

Oh! Come in Beloved!<br />
And enjoy my absence!<br />
In love and devotion!<br />
How could I one day<br />
Be worthy of my Friend?

The world is full of mysteries<br />
Of veils that appear and veils that vanish<br />
Lead us on Your path of Standhood<br />
For religious souls stand!

Don't search for diamonds in the world<br />
Don't search when they are here<br />
Reflecting in our eyes a ray if His light<br />
Could we be thankful to Him!

Some of us may think they are chosen<br />
But this belief can be such a curse!<br />
Beloved, open our eyes and our ears<br />
For we are miserable egos!

Muhammad fought the idols<br />
Idols today are ideologies<br />
Without ideologies our heart reaches the moment<br />
When, my Friend, Your presence fulfills

Our world is full of magicians<br />
That turned religion into ideologies<br />
God into a void concept<br />
Spirituality in a business!

Beloved, You laugh!

Sometimes, my Friend!<br />
I feel You nicely play with us<br />
With humor!

The laws of men lead us to decadence<br />
And corruption<br />
And loss of meaning!<br />
How can it be different?

I could say I did<br />
I created I invented I had an idea<br />
But<br />
When I realized there was no I<br />
I felt my Friend taking all the space

Everywhere something is profound<br />
You are<br />
Beloved!

*(Al-Zeituni, July 2014)*
