# You Are

Your presence is here my Friend!<br />
In joy or in pain!<br />
You're the most precious Ally!

There is a path right in the middle, a thin line of truth.<br />
Follow it for this is where the Beloved stands!

-

A talent is, my Lord, to synthesize what's important!<br />
Let's synthesize the synthesis!<br />
Again and again<br />
And kiss Your feet, my dearest Friend!

The galaxies are whirling my Friend!<br />
And You laugh while we dance!<br />
The little stars are so big!<br />
And we so small!<br />
But big is my love for You!

-

The sun is always shining<br />
Somewhere on the planet!<br />
My Friend! You constantly set<br />
Many hearts on fire<br />
Around the human world!

Lord! I owe You everything!<br />
All the happiness You brought me!<br />
Even if I can only witness!<br />
All the bad things are mine!<br />
You are the only One!

My Lord!<br />
Take care of the poor!<br />
If only I could love<br />
The way You do<br />
I would be worthy<br />
Of the shadow<br />
Of Your shadow!<br />
Don't leave us!<br />
Guide!

Where is the Qutb?<br />
Where is Your messenger?<br />
Where is the one who speaks Your words?<br />
Where is the heart pure that makes me cry?

I was attached to some things!<br />
You crushed them!<br />
I was sickly attached to some ones!<br />
You crushed me!<br />
You led me to the sole attachment:<br />
You!

Oh my Friend!<br />
How could I describe this inward storm?<br />
Crushing my ego!<br />
Blowing my pride!<br />
Who am I to worship You?

People have different culture!<br />
People have different colors!<br />
People have different beauties!<br />
We are all people<br />
And we share<br />
Our love for You

Who am I to talk about You?<br />
Who am I to say I?<br />
Who am I to love?<br />
If only I could spread love and mercy as You do over the whole world!

My Friend! You laugh!<br />
Mortals who doubt their creator make You laugh!<br />
Mortals who intellectualize too much make You laugh!<br />
Forgive them!

Your touch turns dirt into light!<br />
Your breath turns ignorance into knowledge!<br />
Your sight turns mediocrity into love!<br />
And ego into worship!

In deep love<br />
You are<br />
In truth<br />
You are<br />
In the action and non action<br />
You are<br />
In clearness<br />
You are<br />
In the love of a mother for a child<br />
You are!

Sometimes<br />
I am Your channel<br />
Unworthy<br />
Sometimes<br />
I would like to show more love<br />
But the wave overwhelm me<br />
And I'm paralyzed<br />
In silence<br />
In love

Each thing before my eyes!<br />
Tomorrow will be ashes!<br />
Me also will be ash amongst ashes!<br />
Look around the ashes of kings!<br />
May they shine in You!

I look East You are raising!<br />
I look West You are resting!<br />
I look North You are my guide!<br />
I look South You are my light!

We compare everything!<br />
We compare people!<br />
When we discover<br />
That all the good in us is Yours!

I would like to express love more<br />
I would like to worship more<br />
I would like to cry of love more<br />
But You prevent me!<br />
The secret of the heart!

What is the secret?<br />
The amount of love!<br />
Unspeakable<br />
Because it would crush me!

-

Follow the light of the fire!<br />
Follow the fire of your heart!<br />
Let your heart burn to ashes!<br />
In the love of the Beloved!<br />
Out of the false ego!

Lord! You gave the universe order!<br />
You created the rules!<br />
You are dancing and we live!<br />
Beloved! Let the wheel of your mercy touch us!

-

How could the ant express its gratitude towards the One?<br />
How could I?

*(Al-Zeituni, November 2014)*
