# Ode To The Whirling Player

Beloved!<br />
You play with men like the Cat with mice!<br />
Blind and deaf, most of us don't see You!<br />
Because You are hidden deep in plain sight!

Oh my Lord!<br />
You said to me: Don't trust matter!<br />
For matter is the great illusion and the path of the lost ones!<br />
Follow the Quran and Muhamad

So many words are spoken!<br />
And so much dust they contain!<br />
When we speak about You Beloved,<br />
Words become rare<br />
For the heart speaks silently!

If only I could speak about You only!<br />
When I do, what I say matters!<br />
Joy and tears melt!<br />
And ego steps back before You, my Friend!

Speak the words of love<br />
Even if they have no sound!<br />
Care about! Teach! Love! Show the path of the Beloved!<br />
But do it to the ones that listen

All that I did badly was my fault!<br />
All that I did well was the trace of Your breath!<br />
Behind every great thing, You stand!

Religion cannot die because You are eternal!<br />
At all times, we lost ourselves!<br />
And always we came back to You following the Qutb!

What matters has no value!<br />
And the fact is that what matters has a huge value!<br />
A value in the scale of the heart<br />
The scale that leads to You

When Your message goes through me, I am Your messenger!<br />
When You are reflecting a microscopic part of Your smile through me, I am nur!

Where is I when You are there<br />
Where is I when You are merciful<br />
Where is I when Your breath is here<br />
The little I comes back when I loose You

Beware of innovation!<br />
Beware of reform!<br />
Beware of false traditionalism!<br />
Hear the voice of the Beloved!

My Friend,<br />
So many times You corrected me!<br />
So many times You showed me how small was my ego!<br />
Whirl on and on so sufis can go on whirling!

There are true sufis<br />
And false sufis.<br />
True sufis have an opened heart<br />
Answering to open hearts!<br />
False sufis are closed and attract closeness

*(Al-Zeituni, November 2016)*