# Coming Back From A Long Travel

I come back from a long travel within<br />
My eyes are blind to the things precious to men<br />
I call Your name while repenting for my sins<br />
Me the nobody the nothing in the rain

The wrong lie again and again<br />
Thinking that all believe their fantasies<br />
They try to create fear for the righteous<br />
But everyone should only fear Him!

Modern world invent modern things<br />
New words that make us farer to You<br />
My Friend, You transcend the material illusion<br />
For your devotees that whirl in Your dance!

Where is he fountain's origin?<br />
Where are the roots of nurturing words?<br />
What is the source of the child laught?<br />
Why the birds sing so loudly your qualities?<br />
Everywhere we look<br />
Beloved, You're there!<br />
Have mercy on us because we are weak!

My Friend, the Occident is in crisis<br />
My Friend, the Orient is in crisis<br />
My Friend, You laugh at the non-important problems<br />
Ages pass and there are so many<br />
But for ages You listen to the praying loving hearts<br />
Looking through the shadows<br />
That make some of us lost

Beloved help the broken!<br />
Beloved help the poor!<br />
Beloved help the children not to be contaminated!<br />
Then come back close to me while I'm forgetting my small self!

Beloved, I cry in the mist of you presence!<br />
I could build castles for a thousand years,<br />
That would represent nothing compared to those moments!<br />
Your love irrigates me<br />
And the channels you irrigate irrigate me!

*(Al-Zeituni, June 2019)*